{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1030 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af3\dbch\af4\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sb0\sa120\dbch\af5 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af5\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af5 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4130}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh16838\paperw11906\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\cf0\hich\af6\langfe2052\dbch\af4\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1030{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
HomeWork1\line \line Today is Sunday and you ask your friend in how many days you are meeting. If the friend says\line I will see you in 9 days. The output should be Tuesday.\line \line You should get the today's day from the system.\line \line So typical console output is:\line \line Today is: Sunday \line How many days to meet : 9\line We are meeting on : Tuesday\line \line Hint: ask each other for help/ask the right questions to the mentors.\line \line HomeWork2\line 1. Write a JavaScript program\line - Create an object of Students with properties: firstName, lastName, address, telephone, postCode,\line course, grade.\line - Create array of objects of students that reflects  your class. Give random grades to each students\line anything between 60 and 95. Makes sure students names reflects your class mates. Assume everybody\line lives in Copenhagen area.\line - Create a function for finding average class grade.\line - Create a function for finding student who has got the lowest grade. Put an encouraging message.\line - Create a function for for finding student who got the highest grade. Put a celebration message.\line \line 2. Write a JavaScript program which iterates the integers from 1 to 1000. But for multiples of three print "Fizz" instead of the number and for the multiples of five print "Buzz". \line For numbers which are multiples of both three and five print "FizzBuzz".\line \line 3. Write a JavaScript program to construct the following pattern, using a nested for loop. This might be bit of a challenge but read\line on nested for loop.\line \line *\line * *\line * * *\line * * * *\line * * * * *\line * * * * * *\line \line \line HomeWork3 (Challenge - only do this one once you have finished 1 and 2). Please work closely with your pair we identified in class.\line \line I would strongly recommend play the game couple of times and adjust the step below if \line necessary. See also the flow chart we gave you.\line \line 1. Create an object of card\line 2. Create an object of player with the following : name, age, winner\line 3. Create an object for game with the following variables: array of four players and four arrays of cards.\line 4. Each array belongs to one player.\line 5. Create a function to distribute the cards to the four arrays.\line 6. Take the next player in the array. \line 7. Find cards with highest frequency.\line 8. Go to the next player and see if the player has the card you want\line 9. If it does continue and go to 7. If not go to 6.\line 10. If at any point there is one happy family in one of the array change the winner key to "true"\line declare winner. (edited)}
\par }